I realise now, I have wanted to labour on faith based projects for so long and it's unclear how clean it is now. Does it require cleansing, I mean it had not been really in touch with that before, and now I am here, I feel like before Stork it was my solo desire to be honest, and it is not something new it just kind of ceased. 

In this sense I think it perhaps could be cleansed and addressed. 

So when, how to be cleansing this? I could approach in worship and do so - I just think it had been and it is kind of separate from this as well. I don't know, maybe let's prepare everything to night, and I may give it as worship in the morning from the north. 
Wow, I kind of wish to stop being so single, I have consistantly and always been working and churning output, I have in a sense, and a figurative sense hussled hard. I want to know my value, know my workt and be able to progress,a nd yeah I have a rpeference for pay by project but I also think there is menaing in this. 

As an example for a basic website like mine I think I should charge somethnig like 1000 or 1500 with one year of maintenance etc.. and I think that this comes with some relevance and meaning. 

For a prototype application, or an mvp type one, something similair to order pleace, or between that and troox I think it should be something like 10k. I can break it down and explain why but the essence is that it takes time. 


Maybe I move, I 


The hurt turns to hate, 

I need to move on from Michal, for the sake of my own personall wellbeing, and this is something which is really important. 
I may not know things about relationships completely, like I do feel that I am lacking with this, often, vastly so. Yet I do love myself, I feel rejected, and also kind of rejected her as well. 
I wasn't happy to move into a more serious relationship to move things to the next step, I guess she was not fully what I was looking for. 

I don't know to what extent I feel this has to be cleansed, and mended as well and I think that there is some relevance with this as well. 

I kinda just wanted to talk with her, to have some kind of comfort or something - 



The situation is fucked, it fucking sucks so much. I am determined to come out of this a better person and to traverse and prevail over and through these shortcomings which I am facing. 

I don't know, how important, how much the means of findign a project rooted in faith is, and I get it's important.If it's a blocking issue, then I think it should truly be resolved asap to be honest. Maybe Ma'pal needs the same - I just don't know. 

I want help from Hashem on all of this. 

There is some concern over perhaps overestimating my own personal capabilities and finding this to be something which is kind of relevant. I genuinely feel quite fucking exhuasted right now, and I think this is something which is tiring and a bit hard. 

I feel deeply, deeply conccerned over my financial situation at the moment, because it is just scary. I am here because of faith, 
I thought I had been making decisions with faith, but I think I took some unsustainable decisions. 
I thought, I hoped so much I would have been getting the grant-funding and I was depending in honesty, on Joao and Nacho to do heavy lifting withj this it comes down to much the same thing to be honest. 


I don't really think, in faith based things, I can easily depend on other people. It is the same with Michal, it is the same with Joao and Nacho in a way, and I think I lose faith in these people to be honest. 
I am trying now with Joe, I really want things to progress in a good way with this but I do not feel super fine and super good with this in honesty. 

With all my heart, all my heart, I hope to be saved to be rescued, to be redeemed. 

I swear I want freedom and feel as though struggling to really find it right now. 

Just handle the images, and do relatively swiftly please I think a lot of this is done. 

This feels like it's taking me some time. 


--> Update one fleetonomy image. 
--> 

I just don't feel so good with or through all of this. 

--> Implement Stork images please: 
--> Implement P4P Images please: 
--> Implement Tigra images please: 
--> Implement Joel & Sons Images please: 



---------
really struggling to feel good and it says to rejoice even like despite the dark and hard times, and I have felt this kind of quite a lot, I feel like. 


I love myself, I love that I am trying to redeem myself, I love that I am seeking labour with my Life. I love that I have relative independence and I am not living in hendon to be honest. 
Maybe I should have just stayed with Mum yesterday but really I was just struggling with it and struggling a bit with Mother, and I find it so hard, to feel loved ever. 


I genuinely feel kind of hurt from Michal, it's weird, it's kind of sobering, but yeah I feel rejected now. Yet - was I too bad in rejecting her. 

I guess in a kind of way I did, in a sense. 